insect food is everywhere it's a time
when the search for a meal is made easy
and a good time to raise a new family
several of the older females have given
birth on the ground at the same time and
they're young now three weeks old are
beginning to venture into the daylight
to help prevent any predators getting a
fix on the vulnerable youngsters they're
moved from one den site to another every
four days or so it's a task undertaken
by the sole gang and has to be done
swiftly and carefully the babies can
barely walk and would be an easy meal
for any passing hunter with the last of
the babies safely transported the move
is complete but this new den is very
close to the border of the gangs
territory and the neighboring pack is
far from friendly
most of the gang sets off on a foraging
trip leaving three babysitter's behind
this Duty is shared by the gang members
and the adults show enormous patience
who care towards the young
only when a baby tries to suckle does
this mail push it to one side indeed
most of the babysitting is carried out
by the non-breathing males in the pack
the rest of the gang is now feeding some
distance away preoccupied by the rich
pickings of grubs and beetles to be
found in elephant dung it's a chance of
the neighbors to attack the den and
reclaim their territory
the babysitter's spot their approach at
the last moment and rush the youngsters
underground just in time the odds are
not good it's 15 against three it's not
uncommon for rival Mongoose packs to
fight and kill the young of their
neighbors
despite the imbalance in numbers
the babysitter's hold their own
defending every entrance in the den with
vicious fights at their attackers
in time the rivals admit defeat and move
on